In this homework, you will generate a short story on a topic of your choice with the help of a text generator. 
The short story will be generated by playing a game of [Exquisite Corpse](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exquisite_corpse). 
The idea is to collaboratively generate a short story decomposed into paragraphs, 
such that a every paragraph is generated by a different source and every new paragraph is generated based on information 
from *only* the last sentence of the previous paragraph.

(a) You'll write the first paragraph (100 words or less; 2 sentences at least) of the story. 

(b) Then ask ChatGPT to generate the second paragraph by using a prompt like: 

"We’ll play a game of exquisite corpse. The first part of a short story is written and you'll write the next part. Contribute in 100 words or less (2 sentences at least) to continue the story based on the following sentence: <insert the last sentence from the previous paragraph>"

(c) You'll then ask Google Bard to generate the third paragraph using the same prompt.

(d) You'll write the 4th paragraph using just the last sentence from the paragraph generated by Bard.

(e) Repeat step (b)

(f) Repeat step (d)

Based on the generated story, comment on the following.

Q. Was the generated story interesting or dull? Suprising or obvious? Cohesive or disconnected?

Q. If this story was presented to your friend, what features of the story can they possibly use to detect whether this story was generated by a human or with the help of a text generator?
